[DI] Mention that container.no_preload tag propagates automatically (#13721)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/dic_tags.rst

            ->addTag('container.no_preload')
        ;

If some service tagged with ``container.no_preload`` is added as an argument of

> other service, the ``container.no_preload`` tag is applied automatically to that
> service too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another service, the ``container.no_preload`` tag is applied automatically to that
service too since Symfony 5.1.
```

Author: Thanks! the "since Sf 5.1" part is not needed because the entire "no_preload" feature was introduced in 5.1 and we already have the "versionadded" directive at the beginning of this section. But I'll do the other change while merging.
